Change tree grid samples (#3470)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/grids_templates/excel-style-filtering.md

    <igx-column field="Name" header="Order Product" [dataType]="'string'" [sortable]="true"></igx-column>
    <igx-column field="Category" header="Category" [dataType]="'string'" [sortable]="true"></igx-column>
    <igx-column field="Units" header="Units" [dataType]="'number'" [sortable]="true"></igx-column>
    <igx-column field="UnitPrice" header="Unit Price" [dataType]="'currency'" [pipeArgs]="formatOptions"></igx-column>
    <igx-column field="Price" header="Price" [dataType]="'currency'" [pipeArgs]="formatOptions" [sortable]="false" [disablePinning]="true" [disableHiding]="true"></igx-column>
    <igx-column field="OrderDate" header="Order Date" [dataType]="'date'" [formatter]="formatDate" [sortable]="false"></igx-column>
    <igx-column field="Delivered" header="Deliverued" [dataType]="'boolean'" [sortable]="false">
        <ng-template igxCell let-cell="cell" let-val>
            <img *ngIf="val" src="assets/images/grid/active.png" title="Delivered" alt="Delivered" />
            <img *ngIf="!val" src="assets/images/grid/expired.png" title="Undelivered" alt="Undelivered" />
        </ng-template>
    </igx-column>
</igx-tree-grid>
```

<div class="divider--half"></div>

> In the sample below 'Product Name', 'Category' and 'Units' columns have all three features enabled, 'Price' have all three disabled, 'Order Date' and 'Delivered' have only pinning and hiding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the sample below 'Order Product', 'Category' and 'Units' columns have all three features enabled, 'Price' have all three disabled, 'Order Date' and 'Delivered' have only pinning and hiding.
```
